Document GitHub Local Actions integration (#39)
nektos/act-docs: src/introduction.md

- **Fast Feedback** - Rather than having to commit/push every time you want to test out the changes you are making to your `.github/workflows/` files (or for any changes to embedded GitHub actions), you can use `act` to run the actions locally. The [environment variables](https://help.github.com/en/actions/configuring-and-managing-workflows/using-environment-variables#default-environment-variables) and [filesystem](https://help.github.com/en/actions/reference/virtual-environments-for-github-hosted-runners#filesystems-on-github-hosted-runners) are all configured to match what GitHub provides.
- **Local Task Runner** - I love [make](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Make_(software)>). However, I also hate repeating myself. With `act`, you can use the GitHub Actions defined in your `.github/workflows/` to replace your `Makefile`!

---

> > ✨ **Now Run GitHub Actions Locally Directly From VS Code!** ✨  

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of emojis, only speaking for myself who can't merge this.

I think this fits better into the docs, your slogan reads more like advertising your product name of your extension than describing the benefit.
```suggestion
> ✨ **Now Manage and Run Act Directly From VS Code!** ✨  
```

_Casey has the last word about this, it's his website domain that hosts the content and I don't know his opinion_.  Eventually he would just take it as is.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove emojis for consistency with rest of docs.
